in 1957 for his last full season in meta
racing
Fangio returned to Maserati the mark
with which he had started his rise to
fame and at Madonna Auto DRAM he tests
the car
over the years the racing car has
changed and the necessity for the
sensitive and precise handling of the
faster lighter Grand Prix cars of the
post-war era emphasized the need for a
more subtle and controlled driving
technique
Fangio with his iron self-control and
uncanny skill met this demand with
contemptuous ease to set a style that
raised the art of racing driving to the
height of a new science 20 years earlier
in 1937 that great French driver Jean
Pierre de Mille then at the height of
his fame said dog Fangio I have seen at
Buenos Aires a brilliant new driver the
day he has a real racing car to drive he
will perform miracles the truth of that
old prophecy is here for us to see
you